add PR template (#20)
poseidon-framework/minotaur-archive: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Adds/Updates `<package_name>`

Linked to https://github.com/poseidon-framework/minotaur-recipes/issues/XXX
<!-- Link to the Minotaur-recipes issue above. https://github.com/poseidon-framework/minotaur-recipes/issues -->

> New packages added to the PMA are always published in version `1.0.0`. This means that nay and all changes made to the package during the review process, should only bump the `Minor` or `Patch` version of the package.

Author: ```suggestion
New packages added to the [minotaur archive](https://github.com/poseidon-framework/minotaur-archive) are always published in version `1.0.0`. This means that nay and all changes made to the package during the review process, should only bump the `Minor` or `Patch` version of the package.
```
